BREAKING: 13.0 Docs (#5315)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/guides/screenshots-and-videos.mdx

### Video encoding

After a video is recorded, Cypress encodes the video to a commonly digestable
format. Part of this encoding process includes video compression.

Compression is disabled by default, meaning this step will be skipped
completely, so the file size of the video will be larger, but the encoding
process is faster. Setting
[`videoCompression`](/guides/references/configuration#Videos) to `true` will
coerce the video compression value to 32 Constant Rate Factor (CRF), which takes
longer to process, but results in a smaller video.

**Enabling compression**

:::cypress-config-example

```ts
{
  videoCompression: true
}
```

:::cypress-config-example

If your spec files have a long run duration and
[`videoCompression`](/guides/references/configuration#Videos) is enabled, you
might notice a time gap between a finished spec and a new spec starting during
`cypress run`. During this time, Cypress is encoding the captured video and
possibly uploading it to Cypress Cloud.

**Change compression value from 32**

:::cypress-config-example

```ts
{
  videoCompression: 15
}
```

:::cypress-config-example

In addition to enabling or disabling video compress, you can specify the CRF

> value used to compress the video. Here is some common scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value used to compress the video. Here are some common scenarios:
```
